feat: docs for data pipelines v2. (#1754)
genesiscommunitysuccess/docs: docs/03_server/09_data-pipelines/02_basics.mdx

:::note
If you are using the [Genesis Gradle Settings Plugin](/operations/project-structure/settings-plugin/) in your application then there is no need for this next step.
:::

You will need to add the following dependency to your app module:

<Tabs defaultValue="gradle" values={[{ label: 'Gradle', value: 'gradle', }, { label: 'Maven', value: 'maven', }]}>
    <TabItem value="gradle">

        ```kotlin
        implementation(genesis("pal-datapipeline"))
        ```

    </TabItem>
    <TabItem value="maven">

        ```xml
        <dependency>
            <groupId>global.genesis</groupId>
            <artifactId>genesis-pal-datapipeline</artifactId>
            <version>$genesisVersion</version>
        </dependency>
        ```

    </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Pipelines

There are 2 kind of pipelines:

- Batch Pipeline
- Realtime Pipeline

Each pipeline must have a single source and single sink, in between these stages you are able to have any number of operator steps as long as the types & ordering comply to that of the pipeline you are using.
See below for more details on what types are available among the 2 pipelines.

### Batch Pipeline

> A batch pipeline will only run once and will need to be triggered manually via the use of its execute method inside the Pipeline Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A batch pipeline will only run once and will need to be triggered manually via the use of its execute method. The pipeline can be retrieved from the Pipeline Manager class.
```
